Title: Woozle Scoreboard FAQ

Questions, with answers, about the
[Woozle Roller Derby Scoreboard](/scoreboard/).

Where do I report a bug?
====================================

[Right here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/support/mgdklbiancdieoaabojfabakhlfhiglb).
Thanks for letting me know about problems,
or asking for improvements!


How do I operate the scoreboard with the mouse?
====================================

Short answer: click on anything to change it.

During Setup
------------

* Click the photo icon to upload a logo
* Click the color bar to change the color of the generic logo
* Click a score to set it to 0
* Click the ruleset name to cycle through presets
* Click the period clock to adjust it (type the new time in)
* Click "Period 1" to change that indicator text

During Gameplay
------------

* Click the jam clock to switch between Jam and Lineup
* Click the star to indicate lead jammer (if you want to track this)
* Click a score to raise the score
* Click a team logo to lower the score
* Click the period clock (on the top) to go into timeout
* Click the pips (on the bottom left and bottom right) to subtract a team timeout. Clicking on empty timeouts will reset to all full.
* During timeout, edit the period clock with the keyboard to change it
* Click "Period 1" to change that indicator text


How do I operate the scoreboard with the keyboard?
====================================

* Space Bar: switch between Jam and Lineup
* , and .: Indicate lead jammer
* A and Z: Change score on the left
* ' and /: Change the score on the right
* T: Timeout
* Use the mouse for everything else


How do I set up for a second bout?
====================================

Click the "close" icon in the top-right and re-launch the app.


Is there an overlay version for streamcasting?
====================================

Yes there is, and it's beautiful!
[Email me](mailto:neale@woozle.org) to help beta test the overlay version of the app.


Why are you giving this away for free?
====================================

Same reason you're paying to play: I love Roller Derby.

