Title: Home

Woozle.org provides shells, email, and web hosting for no cost,
without advertisements, and with a focus on security.  Accounts are
held by folks who know the right person to ask. 

<!--
ssh fingerprint for woozle.org: 63:ac:b0:e9:ee:9f:a9:4f:55:0a:4a:42:5d:45:47:06
-->

December 8 pt. 2: Webmail works now
-----------------------------------

I didn't get a chance to test webmail before I had to run off to an appointment.
It's back up now, near as I can tell.


December 8: SSL Certificate Renewed
-----------------------------------

Woozle now has a new SSL certificate,
thanks to the generous folks at [StartCom](http://www.startssl.com).
I think everything is back to normal.

If you are having trouble with web, or sending or recieving email,
please *please* let me (Neale) know right away.
Phone or text message is okay.
As far as I can tell, everything's working fine,
and I depend on *you* to tell me otherwise.




December 7: Expired SSL Certificate
-----------------------------------

Woozle's SSL certificate expired tonight.  It's my own fault: I
thought the warnings were spam.

I'll have a new SSL certificate in place hopefully before Monday.
In the meantime, you will either have to tell your mail client that it's okay to use the expired certificate,
or if you're not comfortable with that
(I wouldn't blame you),
wait until I can get it fixed.

I hope to have a new certificate installed by Monday,
but I have to wait for a lot of bureaucracy to churn through my
application so I don't know when, exactly, I will be able
to install a new certificate.
The SSL certificate is one of the few things about woozle that I have little control over.
It also costs me more to buy the certificate than it does to run the entire rest of the machine.

My apologies.


October 9: New Webmail
----------------------

The October 2 change broke webmail.  Again.  Rather than fix it again,
I thought everyone would enjoy a more modern webmail client.  You can
still get to [the old one](https://woozle.org/ilohamail.cgi) if you
want to pull your address book out or something, but I'm planning on
removing it in a few months unless someone asks me not to.

Mail filtering is now available.  You can
get to that under Settings.  This uses a standard filtering language,
so your filters will stick around if I have to change the webmail
program again.  These filters also apply to IMAP clients (like your
Android or iPhone, or Thunderbird).
