Title: 2012 Christmas Letter

Happy Holidays from Amy, Neale & Ginnie!  We’ve had a really busy but fun 2012.  Ginnie is now in 2nd grade, and we’re finding that every school year seems to have a theme of some sort of learning that she works on more than other things.  This year is definitely the year of being social.  It doesn’t hurt that her best friend lives directly across the street from us and is in the same class she is in, which is a mistake I’m sure the school won’t make when they put together class lists for next year! Ginnie continues to take Irish dance classes and goes to K-Kids once a week, which is a club through Kiwanis that concentrates on community service.  The community service seems to involve a lot of cookies and juice, but she does save a cookie for her mom some days, which could be considered doing the community a favor.  Ginnie is still a total ham and we love her to bits.

Jada the Dog continues to claim that we don’t feed her enough and definitely don’t give her enough attention or walks.  She has been developing her trick of dragging her dog beds around the house to wherever the family is hanging out and flopping down on them, and she still squeaks her squeaky toys at 7pm sharp.  She is always on the lookout for sheep that need herding.  Dingo is getting pretty gray but is still as high-strung as he ever was.  We think that the mail carriers and meter-readers have figured out that he’s a total pushover, but we haven’t told Dingo that yet.

Neale is absolutely loving his job and plans to work until he’s 150 years old.  He also loves plumbing.  He loves it so much that he installed the same toilet twice in our remodeled bathroom, just for fun.  Not because it was leaking.  He has become the go-to volunteer for at least two roller derby leagues in our area, and he’ll be Amy’s team’s Head NSO (non-skating official) this coming season.  His computer security training seminars are in the 5th year and still going strong. Neale and Amy went swing dancing for the first time in about 12 years recently, and it was really nice to rediscover how much fun that is!

Amy is going into her 2nd season of roller derby with the Los Alamos Derby Dames.  They don’t have their season schedule hammered out just yet, but when they do, everyone should come and watch her team play!  And if you can’t do that, at least support your own town’s roller derby league and check out a “bout” sometime! Most leagues are non-profit and raise money for animal shelters, food banks, children’s hospitals and the like.  It’s also just a lot of fun to watch!  Amy also started nursing school in August.  She has three semesters and a lot of hard work left, but so far, so good!  It makes it a lot easier to have such a loving and supportive family in Neale and Ginnie.

We get to end this letter with news that Amy's sister Kristen is a new mommy: Daphne was born on December 17. Mom and proud daddy Alex are doing great, and we can't wait to go see all three in San Francisco.

With love from our crazy household to yours,

Neale, Amy, Ginnie, Jada, Dingo and the gopher in the front yard.

